README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/infinitered/solidarity/master/_art/combo.jpg" width="700px" />
  <h3 align="center">Solidarity is an environment checker for project dependencies across multiple machines.</h3> 
  <hr/>
  <a href='https://semaphoreci.com/ir/solidarity'> <img src='https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/ir/solidarity/branches/master/badge.svg' alt='Build Status'></a>
  <a href='https://travis-ci.org/infinitered/solidarity'> <img src='https://travis-ci.org/infinitered/solidarity.svg?branch=master' alt='Build Status'></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/infinitered/solidarity">
    <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/infinitered/solidarity/graph/badge.svg" alt="Codecov" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/solidarity"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/solidarity.svg" alt="npm version"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/solidarity">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/solidarity.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/GantMan/solidarity">
    <img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/eqn3imsv7pk75sjv/branch/master?svg=true">
  </a>
  <a href="https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Finfinitered%2Fsolidarity?ref=badge_shield">
    <img src="https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Finfinitered%2Fsolidarity.svg?type=shield">
  </a> 
</p>

### When the same exact code works on one machine but not another, Solidarity is the answer

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/997157/36068817-297b9e02-0ea4-11e8-96b5-9ea7a34401e2.gif" align="center" />
</p>  

### Docs Website
https://infinitered.github.io/solidarity/

-------
> _We now return you to your regularly scheduled ReadMe_
-------

## Install
Install the command globally OR use via `node_modules`.  It's suggested you install your snapshot plugins in the same place.

Note:
Node.js version must be >= `7.6.0`.
```sh
# example of installing global with npm and react-native snapshot
$ npm i -g solidarity solidarity-react-native

# example of installing local with yarn and elixir snapshot (dev dependencies)
$ yarn add solidarity solidarity-elixir --dev
```

## How do I use it?
Using solidarity is easy! Run the following command to check the current project environment.
```sh
$ solidarity
```
This command looks for the `.solidarity` file in the working directory, and then runs a check of the containing rules against your environment.  The command exit code is tied to the success of the solidarity check for testing frameworks.

[Write your Solidarity file by hand](https://infinitered.github.io/solidarity/#/docs/options), or use a snapshot.

## How do I update it to my machine specs?
Environment updates can be stored to solidarity quickly.
```sh
$ solidarity snapshot
```
The `snapshot` parameter will update the rules in the `.solidarity` file to the current system specs. By default a snapshot will be strict with the versions of _everything_ detected.  But, semantic versioning is supported.

## How do I create my first snapshot?
If no `.solidarity` file is present, then `solidarity snapshot` prompts you to identify the technology your project depends on.

```sh
$ solidarity snapshot
No `.solidarity` file found for this project.  Would you like to create one? (Y/n)
```

Custom rule-sets can be created by modifying the `.solidarity` file by hand, or by creating a solidarity plugin for a given technology.  [See documentation](https://infinitered.github.io/solidarity/) for how you can create your own.

## Cross Platform
Solidarity works with Mac/Linux/Windows environments. CI tests all rules with each platform on every update.

## Using Solidarity for GitHub Reports
![Solidarity Reports](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*EE_NX4i1YeVowVuBSdT78w.gif)
You've already identified everything that's important to your project.  So when anyone files bugs on your repo, they can just report using Solidarity!

Just run `solidarity report`

The resulting output is copy/paste markdown.  If you're confused, here's [the full blog post](https://shift.infinite.red/effortless-environment-reports-d129d53eb405).

## Project Support
#### Open Source
Solidarity, as open source, is free to use and always will be :heart:.  It's MIT Licensed and we'll always do our best to help and quickly answer issues.  If you'd like to get a hold of us, join our [community slack](http://community.infinite.red) and look for the #solidarity room.

#### Premium
[Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) offers premium Solidarity support and general mobile app design/development services. Email us at [hello@infinite.red](mailto:hello@infinite.red) to get in touch with us for more details.

## Additional Info
### You can help!
* Spread the word [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/infinitered/solidarity.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%F0%9F%92%BB%20Developer%20Environment%20Protection:&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Finfinitered%2Fsolidarity)
* Star the repo!
* Clap on Medium
* Read the [Contributors Guide](https://github.com/infinitered/solidarity/blob/master/docs/contributorsGuide.md)
* Add solidarity to all your projects
* [Build plugins](https://github.com/infinitered/solidarity/blob/master/docs/plugins.md)
* Join our Slack <a href="http://community.infinite.red/">
    <img src="https://infiniteredcommunity.herokuapp.com/badge.svg">
  </a>

### License
The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

### NPM Details
[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/solidarity.png)](https://npmjs.org/package/solidarity)

Commit message:

Communicating snapshot update feature in Readme (#204)
* Adding basic howto for README.md for snapshot update

* More info in the readme around snapshot update.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/infinitered/solidarity/master/_art/combo.jpg" width="700px" />
  <h3 align="center">Solidarity is an environment checker for project dependencies across multiple machines.</h3> 
  <hr/>
  <a href='https://semaphoreci.com/ir/solidarity'> <img src='https://semaphoreci.com/api/v1/ir/solidarity/branches/master/badge.svg' alt='Build Status'></a>
  <a href='https://travis-ci.org/infinitered/solidarity'> <img src='https://travis-ci.org/infinitered/solidarity.svg?branch=master' alt='Build Status'></a>
  <a href="https://codecov.io/gh/infinitered/solidarity">
    <img src="https://codecov.io/gh/infinitered/solidarity/graph/badge.svg" alt="Codecov" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://badge.fury.io/js/solidarity"><img src="https://badge.fury.io/js/solidarity.svg" alt="npm version"></a>
  <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/solidarity">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/npm/dt/solidarity.svg">
  </a>
  <a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/GantMan/solidarity">
    <img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/eqn3imsv7pk75sjv/branch/master?svg=true">
  </a>
  <a href="https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Finfinitered%2Fsolidarity?ref=badge_shield">
    <img src="https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Finfinitered%2Fsolidarity.svg?type=shield">
  </a> 
</p>

### When the same exact code works on one machine but not another, Solidarity is the answer

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/997157/36068817-297b9e02-0ea4-11e8-96b5-9ea7a34401e2.gif" align="center" />
</p>  

### Docs Website
https://infinitered.github.io/solidarity/

-------
> _We now return you to your regularly scheduled ReadMe_
-------

## Install
Install the command globally OR use via `node_modules`.  It's suggested you install your snapshot plugins in the same place.

Note:
Node.js version must be >= `7.6.0`.
```sh
# example of installing global with npm and react-native snapshot
$ npm i -g solidarity solidarity-react-native

# example of installing local with yarn and elixir snapshot (dev dependencies)
$ yarn add solidarity solidarity-elixir --dev
```

## How do I use it?
Using solidarity is easy! Run the following command to check the current project environment.
```sh
$ solidarity
```
This command looks for the `.solidarity` file in the working directory, and then runs a check of the containing rules against your environment.  The command exit code is tied to the success of the solidarity check for testing frameworks.

[Write your Solidarity file by hand](https://infinitered.github.io/solidarity/#/docs/options), or use a snapshot.

## How do I update it to my machine specs?
Environment updates can be stored to solidarity quickly.
```sh
$ solidarity snapshot
```
The `snapshot` parameter will update the rules in the `.solidarity` file to the current system specs. By default a snapshot will be strict with the versions of _everything_ detected.  But, semantic versioning is supported.

## How do I create my first snapshot?
If no `.solidarity` file is present, then `solidarity snapshot` prompts you to identify the technology your project depends on.

```sh
$ solidarity snapshot
No `.solidarity` file found for this project.  Would you like to create one? (Y/n)
```

Custom rule-sets can be created by modifying the `.solidarity` file by hand, or by creating a solidarity plugin for a given technology.  [See documentation](https://infinitered.github.io/solidarity/) for how you can create your own.

## How do I update my snapshots?
Given there is already a `.solidarity` file present, then you can run `solidarity snapshot [rule]`

```sh
$ solidarity snapshot cli node
```

Solidarity will follow up with aditional questions to help drill down your new snapshot rule.


## Cross Platform
Solidarity works with Mac/Linux/Windows environments. CI tests all rules with each platform on every update.

## Using Solidarity for GitHub Reports
![Solidarity Reports](https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*EE_NX4i1YeVowVuBSdT78w.gif)
You've already identified everything that's important to your project.  So when anyone files bugs on your repo, they can just report using Solidarity!

Just run `solidarity report`

The resulting output is copy/paste markdown.  If you're confused, here's [the full blog post](https://shift.infinite.red/effortless-environment-reports-d129d53eb405).

## Project Support
#### Open Source
Solidarity, as open source, is free to use and always will be :heart:.  It's MIT Licensed and we'll always do our best to help and quickly answer issues.  If you'd like to get a hold of us, join our [community slack](http://community.infinite.red) and look for the #solidarity room.

#### Premium
[Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) offers premium Solidarity support and general mobile app design/development services. Email us at [hello@infinite.red](mailto:hello@infinite.red) to get in touch with us for more details.

## Additional Info
### You can help!
* Spread the word [![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/https/github.com/infinitered/solidarity.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=%F0%9F%92%BB%20Developer%20Environment%20Protection:&url=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Finfinitered%2Fsolidarity)
* Star the repo!
* Clap on Medium
* Read the [Contributors Guide](https://github.com/infinitered/solidarity/blob/master/docs/contributorsGuide.md)
* Add solidarity to all your projects
* [Build plugins](https://github.com/infinitered/solidarity/blob/master/docs/plugins.md)
* Join our Slack <a href="http://community.infinite.red/">
    <img src="https://infiniteredcommunity.herokuapp.com/badge.svg">
  </a>

### License
The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE) for more information.

### NPM Details
[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/solidarity.png)](https://npmjs.org/package/solidarity)
